The city is in devastation.
It’s in chaos.
Bridges have collapsed.
Many houses on the edge of the river
were swept away.
Our main concern
was the health of our brothers
and their well-being.
We got in contact
with some of the local elders,
who reassured us
that everyone was safe.
So immediately we started getting in contact
with brothers from the circuit,
and in a few hours,
almost one and a half tons of food
was received at the support center.
We had an experience with an older lady.
Because she had seen so many people
at our house cleaning up, she asked us:
“Why are there so many people at your house?
Do they all live in your house?”
“No, they’re brothers and sisters
from our congregation.
We’re Jehovah’s Witnesses.”
“Ah, but nobody came
from my church to help me,
“not even to assist me
to get out of the house
and certainly not to clean up my house.”
So we really see what a privilege it is
to have our brotherhood.
Even though our city is in this state,
we as Jehovah’s people
are together and united, and we’re all right.
Without a doubt,
Jehovah is helping us and he’s with us.